Hi everyone It is the position of a fruitist This time
It is a tanging course for beginners
Last time remember three auto fingers
I played the sheep of eyes d
At that time I used a cute text, but if I proceeded there and learned a finger to some extent
Let's challenge to tanging
The song is a march of saints
Tanning has the effect of clearing the rising edge of the sound
The way to move the tongue to pronounce the toe every hot water suit
At first, it is easy to get a sense of practice if you practice it aloud and practice it gradually
is
Boo Boo
When the tip of the tongue took it if we stick to the per root of the upper teeth
It makes you feel like you're pulling out sex
Oh
Roux
me
Make the notes connect as beautifully as possible even with turning
Tangering is enough to lighten the flow of embouchure and breath so as not to break it
If you do n't hear the sound when you blow it with the tongue
It may not come out properly breath too aware that you use your tongue
Along with the live thing that it can not successfully be tanning and objection is not out
Please try to unit as you intend to put on
See you next time